---
layout: post
title: "Walking 1on1: A refreshing way to connect"
punchline: true
description: "My small experiment with walking 1on1"
subtitle: "My small experiment with walking 1on1"
date: 2020-02-06 -0400
categories: managerial
tags: managerial, 1on1
author: "Budi Tanrim"

image:
 path: /img/seo/1on1walk.jpg
 height: 630
 width: 1200
gif: false
twitter-seo: 
 - "seo/1on1walk.jpg"
---

When I was in Canada, my favorite things to do is walking from the office back to my home. It's a refreshing activity after a long hour work and thinking, while walking I love to observe my surrounding and reflect to myself.

After moving back to Indonesia, I missed this right away. In Indonesia, it's impossible to walk around the city due to the way the culture shaped the city. To be fair, it's possible to walk around the city to some extend, but it's a lot of hassle and dangerous.

One day, I read somewhere about the concept of walking 1on1 meeting and actually had it for a few times back in Canada. Yes, basically, you walk while having a conversation. Intrigued about this idea because I can somewhat walk around and refreshed myself from lots of meetings, I've done a few of my 1on1 meeting in this format and here are a few things I want to share:

## Benefits

**Less distraction.** Sitting down in the room sometimes allow me to be less focused, because I will be distracted with phone or laptop. Walking around will forces us away from the gadget. However, walking can be distracting sometimes if you met somebody and you have to say hi. But, rarely happens.

**More to talk about.** I believe the more blood circulation happens the more our brain works? I don't know, I believe there is a research about this. In my experiment during this week, seems like everyone who I have 1on1 with can talk out their thought continuously. At the end, we have more to talk about in a such short time.

**More relaxed.** The advantage about walking 1on1 in Indonesia culture is less eye-contact. I feel like I can focus on the discussion because we walk side by side and less intense eye-contact, which often time makes things awkward or uncomfortable.

## Small observation

**Trust**. I never tried this with somebody new or someone I haven't build a trust rapport before. So, not sure about that. 

**Taking notes?** This probably drive note-taker people nuts. However, since I was so focused on the conversation, I can almost remember what chunks we talked about. I tried to summarize things before we end our walk and quickly jot down the big themes of our conversation.

{% include img.html 
url="/img/post/2020/02/1on1-walk-mila.jpg" 
url-2="/img/post/2020/02/1on1-walk-mila-2x.jpg" 
alt="alt" 
class="photo medium" %}

That's all. I'd encourage you to try this one. Let me know what you think on [Twitter][twitter]

[twitter]: https://twitter.com/buditanrim
